{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5longitudinal_family_file\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 36\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 19244\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MCSID	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 MCS Research ID \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MCSID\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NOCMHH	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Number of cohort children in household at entry to survey   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NOCMHH\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SENTRY	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sweep in which Family entered study \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SENTRY\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Sweep 1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Sweep 2\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 COUNTRY	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Country as at MCS sampling  \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for COUNTRY\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 England\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Wales  \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Scotland       \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 NI     \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PTTY00	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Point type  \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PTTY00\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Advantaged     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Disadvantaged  \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ethnic \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PTTYPE2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Stratum within Country  \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PTTYPE2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 England - Advantaged   \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 England - Disadvantaged\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 England - Ethnic       \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Wales - Advantaged     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Wales - Disadvantaged  \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Scotland - Advantaged  \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Scotland - Disadvantaged       \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Northern Ireland - Advantaged  \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Northern Ireland - Disadvantaged       \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SPTN00	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Fieldwork point number incorporating superwards \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SPTN00\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NH2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Population Correction Factor (for use in Stata) \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NH2\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 WEIGHT1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 MCS Weight for use on single country analyses   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for WEIGHT1\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 WEIGHT2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 MCS Weight to use on whole UK analyses  \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for WEIGHT2\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 WEIGHTGB	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Overall weight for use on GB analysis   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for WEIGHTGB\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AISSUED	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Family Issued at MCS1   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AISSUED\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes    \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AAOUTC00	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S1:Outcome Code \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AAOUTC00\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not Issued     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not productive \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Productive     \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AOVWT1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S1:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) single country analysis   \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AOVWT1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AOVWT2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S1:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) whole UK analyses \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AOVWT2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BISSUED	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Family Issued at MCS2   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BISSUED\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes    \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 17	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BAOUTC00	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S2:Outcome Code \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BAOUTC00\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Productive     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ineligible     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Unclass. El. Untraced. Movers  \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Non-Contact    \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other  \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 18	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BOVWT1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S2:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) single country analysis   \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BOVWT1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 19	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BOVWT2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S2:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) whole uk analyses \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BOVWT2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 20	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BNRESPWT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S2:Non-Reponse Weight   \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 -2.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BNRESPWT\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not Present at MCS1    \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 21	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BOVWTGB	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S2: Overall weight for use on GB analysis   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BOVWTGB\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 22	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 CISSUED	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Family Issued at MCS3   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for CISSUED\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes    \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 23	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 CAOUTC00	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S3:Outcome Code \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for CAOUTC00\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Productive     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other unproductive     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ineligible     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Untraced       \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No contact     \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 24	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 COVWT1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S3:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) single country analysis   \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for COVWT1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 25	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 COVWT2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S3:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) whole uk analyses \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for COVWT2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 26	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 COVWTGB	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S3: Overall weight for use on GB analysis   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for COVWTGB\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 27	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 DISSUED	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Family Issued at MCS4   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for DISSUED\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes    \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 28	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 DAOUTC00	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S4:Outcome Code \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for DAOUTC00\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not Issued     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Productive     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other unproductive     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ineligible     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Untraced       \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No contact     \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 29	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 DOVWT1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S4:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) single country analysis   \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for DOVWT1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 30	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 DOVWT2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S4:Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) whole uk analyses \par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ and/or thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for DOVWT2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 31	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 DOVWTGB	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S4: Overall weight for use on GB analysis   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for DOVWTGB\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 32	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 EISSUED	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Family Issued at MCS5   \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for EISSUED\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes    \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 33	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 EAOUTC00	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S5:Outcome Code \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for EAOUTC00\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not Issued     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Productive     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other unproductive     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ineligible     \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Untraced       \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No contact     \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 34	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 EOVWT1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S5: Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) single country analyses  \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for EOVWT1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 35	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 EOVWT2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S5: Overall Weight (inc NR adjustment) whole uk analyses\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for EOVWT2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 36	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ENRESPWT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 S5: Non-Reponse Weight  \par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ENRESPWT\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable \par }}